

    
    Start Up:
    
        1. Create a new layer called "Object Fade" in your project - this will be used by the scripts to assign layers for collision testing. The "Default" layer is used as a fallback if this is not done.
        
        2. Open [Edit -> Project Settings] and under "Physics" make sure the "Object Fade" layer is able to collide with itself.
        
        3. Create an empty game object and parent it under your scene's main camera. Assign the Camera Collider component to this new object.
        
        4. Refer to the methods below to create assets using the Object Fade component.
        
        
        
    Method 1 (Single Mesh Renderer):

        1. Find the game object that contains the mesh renderer you would like to fade.
        
        2. Attach the [Object Fade] component to the game object.
        
        3. Attach a collider to the same game object - the collider must be a primitive or convex mesh collider for distance calculations to work.
        
        4. Assign a material using the Object Fade shader to the mesh renderer.
        
        
        
    Method 2 (Multiple Renderers - Simultaneous Fade):

        1. Create a new game object.
        
        2. Attach the [Object Fade] component to the new game object.
        
        3. Attach a collider to the game object - this collider should ideally encapsulate the entire group of renderers you want to fade (must be convex if using a mesh collider).
        
        4. Add any renderers you want to fade to the "Renderers" list in the [Object Fade] component.
        
        5. Assign materials using the Object Fade shader to all mesh renderers on the list.
        
        
        
    Method 3 (Object Fade Group):
    
        1. Create new [Object Fade] objects using Method 1 or Method 2.
        
        2. Parent these objects under a new empty game object.
        
        3. Attach the [Object Fade Group] component to the parent game object.
        
        4. Assign the childrens' [Object Fade] components to the "Objects" list in the [Object Fade Group] component.



    ** Inspect the example prefabs provided in this package to see how to set up objects using both methods.
    
    ** If you are getting compiler errors due to SimpleCameraController.cs, it is possible that you already have this script in your project. You can delete either copy of the script to fix the compiler errors.

    ** It is recommended to use the same shader for all materials on an object to prevent issues with rendering order, which may cause the object's internal geometry to become visible (e.g. if a character needs a transparent shader for clothing or hair - all other materials for the character should use that same shader).
    
    ** If you are using HDRP or URP, make sure to import the corresponding package to install the compatible shaders. These packages can be found in the "HDRP and URP Packages" folder.
    
    ** By default, shadows will fade alongside their objects. If you want to prevent this from happening, use the "Preserve Shadows" button from the Object Fade component to create new shadow renderers parented under the original mesh renderers.
    
        - Using this button will disable shadows for the original renderers - you will have to reenable the shadows if you want to fade the shadows again.
        
        - Using this button multiple times will create additional shadows that you will surely want to delete for performance purposes.









